New entries in UI and UX -- fixing PR (#4)
js6450/docs: content/uiux/concepts/ux-design/ux-design.md

Description: 'User experience (UX) design is a human-centered design discipline that deals with the holistic experience around a product or service, taking into consideration the user, system, and context.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'UI'
  - 'UX'
CatalogContent:
  - 'intro-to-ui-ux'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

User experience (UX) design is a human-centered [design](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/design) discipline that deals with the holistic experience around a product or service, taking into consideration the user, system, and context.

![A Venn diagram of the intersection of three circles: Context, User, and System, with User Experience (UX) at the center.](https://static-assets.codecademy.com/Courses/intro-to-ui-and-ux/what-are-ui-ux-design/ux-venn-diagram.svg)

User experience (UX) design focuses on:

- **User journey**: The entire process surrounding the use of a product, from the problem to be solved through the impact of the solution.
- **[User research](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/user-research)**: Qualitative and quantitative research to put the user at the center of the design process.

> - **Deliverables** to document the user experience and define the workflows and features of a product or design, such as:

Reviewer: > ... and features of a product or design, such as:

Was there supposed to be a nested list here or something?

Reviewer 2: Yes, the 4 bullets below deliverables: personas, user journey maps, storyboards, and prototypes should be nested. I just committed this change.

> - **Deliverables** to document the user experience and define the workflows and features of a product or design, such as:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Deliverables**: Documents the user experience and define the workflows and features of a product or design, such as:
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Deliverables**: Documents that define the users, user experience, workflows, and features of a product or design, such as:
```

  - **[Personas](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/personas)**: Summaries of example and target users, generally based on a composite of user research.
  - **User journey maps**: A timeline of user actions related to accomplishing a particular goal related to a product or design.

>   - **Storyboards**: A sequence of panels (often resembling a comic book) depicting a user journey chronologically.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - **Storyboards**: A sequence of panels (often resembling a comic book) depicting a user journey, chronologically.
```

Reviewer 2: Grammarly tells me a comma here would actually be incorrect, as does [this page](https://www.btb.termiumplus.gc.ca/tpv2guides/guides/wrtps/index-eng.html?lang=eng&lettr=indx_catlog_c&page=9NAz60BVJKd8.html#:~:text=Adverb%20clause%20at%20the%20end,not%20set%20off%20with%20commas.).

>   - **[High-fidelity](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/high-fidelity) and [low-fidelity](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/low-fidelity) prototypes**: Iterative models, sketches or [wireframes](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/wireframe) of a design used to gather feedback and inform the final design.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - **[High-fidelity](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/high-fidelity) and [low-fidelity](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/low-fidelity) prototypes**: Iterative models, sketches, or [wireframes](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/wireframe) of a design used to gather feedback and inform the final design.
```
